# Retail Builder

## Description
In this challenge, we were required to work on the back end of a fictional retail supply store, which provided, clothing, sporting goods, and concert periphernalia. The focus was on 

## Installation
Modified JS scripts for the exercise, including routes for each JS file in the 'api' folder. Categories, Products, and Tags had parameters set up in each respective section partly generated by starter code.

Required the installation of express, dotenv, sequelize, and mysql2. Commands were applied using npm commands in the CLI.

Provided proper file structure for code and output.

Completed code pushed to GitHub.

Application and demonstration done on ScreenCastify. Links are provided further down in this README.

## Usage
The end user will be able to run the application in Insomnia using the code laid out by yours truly in Visual Studio Code. With Insomnia, the end user has the ability to modify categories, products, and tags by mens of getting the inventory of one or all items searched (category, product or tag), adding to the inventory, or even deleting the inventory.

Commands for category, product, and tags are: GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE.

## Links
[Repository](https://github.com/AbeThomas82/Retail-Builder)

[ScreenCastify](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DGlZuOrsMrxvrcUDfd9V8fob8B6wD5Me/view)

## Credits
Spencer Sokol and Katherine Hopkins

Xandromus, who provided assignment starter code

Scott Everett of Calendly

The TA's of AskBCS

Lee Stevens, Jennifer Arevalo, Oscar Mercado, and other classmates